c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.exe.config
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.exe
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Form1.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.exe
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\furniture.mdf
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\furniture_log.ldf
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Customer.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Products.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Purchase.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Sale.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.SearchProduct.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.SearchPurchasedProducts.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.SearchSalesProducts.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.ViewCustomers.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Home.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\furniture.mdf
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\furniture_log.ldf
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.exe.config
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.exe
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.pdb
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Customer.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Home.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Products.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Purchase.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Sale.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.SearchProduct.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.SearchPurchasedProducts.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.SearchSalesProducts.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.ViewCustomers.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.exe
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.pdb
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\Database1.mdf
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\apps\kashipara.com_furniturestoremanagementsy\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\Database1_log.ldf
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\furniture.mdf
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\furniture_log.ldf
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.exe.config
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.exe
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\bin\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.pdb
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Customer.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Home.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Products.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Purchase.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.Sale.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.SearchProduct.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.SearchPurchasedProducts.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.SearchSalesProducts.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.ViewCustomers.resources
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.exe
C:\Users\Nicolaus\Desktop\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp\obj\Debug\FurnitureStoreManagementSystemCSharp.pdb
